The experiment consists of three parts, the first part ("1_Initial Image Evaluation..") goes through files in the "hand images" folder, uses the pose estimation algorithm to extract key point features and save them into a .json file. The second part ("2_Labeling by Hand") involves labelling each pose with either having a raised hand or not. The Third part ("3_Filtering, Model Training and Plotting") works with the labeled .json file and filters the key point sets, trains the models based on the labelling, evaluates the model performance and plots the graphs. 

1_Initial Image Evaluation and Keypoint Detection consists of files "combinedjson.py" and "raisedhandsmodule.pm". By running combinedsjon.py, files in the "handimages" folder get forwarded to the OpenPifPaf predictor, which generates .json files containing the key points. The .json files then get concatenated to a list and the resulting list of key points with filenames is saved in "allposes.json".

2_Labeling by Hand consists of of the file "allposes.json", "posesvisualizer.py" and "raisedhandsmodule.py" in addition to the folder with images, that has been used to generate allposes.json. The labeling process can be start by running posevisualizer.py, which will go through each pose from allposes.json, show it in a red bounding box on the picture from the handposes folder. The labelling is done by pressing r (for raised) when the bounding box has a raised hand, or n (for "not raised") if the bounding box doesn't have a raised hand. After all poses have been labeled, the labeled poses are saved into a "allposes_labeled.json" .json file, which can be used for machine learning model training.

3_Filtering, Model Training and Plotting filters the dataset, extracts features, trains models and shows plots using the "allposes_labeled.json" labeled dataset. All plots from the report can be plotted using the respective python scripts, which also involve model training.

The working directory, which was used to develop and debug the code has been added as the "initial working directory". It is not as organised, but it might show how some scripts evolved. 
